The grimly Familiar morning routine in
Gaza inspecting the damage after
overnight Air Raids this is the town of
KH Yunis where a beach cafe was hit
while people were watching the World Cup
football on television many were
killed I have two brothers here who are
Martyrs and I'm looking for the third
the Rescue Services said they can't help
me anymore I brought a tractor on my own
expense to look for my brother and up
till now I can't find him
other buildings were hit too the level
of Destruction a reminder of the power
of Israel's huge military Arsenal there
are calls for restraint in the
International Community but no sign
they're being listened to Gaza is on a
knif
edge the deteriorating situation is
leading to a world downward spiral how
which could quickly get Beyond anyone's
control Israel says its Air Force R hard
to avoid civilian
casualties before houses are bombed
warnings are telephone to people inside
and a dummy missile is fired before the
real one a so-called knock on the
roof it doesn't always work Israel today
called the deaths of eight civilians in
a house in hunis on Tuesday a tragedy
saying the victims had gone back inside
too soon after the warning
the rocket fire continues from Gaza 2
Islamic Jihad have been firing longer
range Rockets than ever before
confirming Israeli fears that they've
been building bigger stockpiles of
better weapons capable of reaching
almost every city in Israel Israel's
Iron Dome air defense system has been in
action again today these images show
Interceptor missiles tracking and then
destroying an incoming rocket in the
Skies over Tel Aviv
every air raid warning frays nerves on
the Israeli side and disrupts daily
life and the Israeli Army continues
slowly to gather forces on the border
with Gaza their presence a signal that
if Israel can't destroy hamas's rocket
stock piles from the air it might yet
send in these Ground Forces to do the
job that would be a huge political
gamble for the Israeli government and
would raise International fears about
civilian in casualties higher still
Kevin Connelly BBC News Jerusalem